---
layout: post
title: "Commas in Windows Calculator"
date: 2009-02-19
comments: false
categories:
 - tip
 - windows
 - calculator
---
So, color me ignorant, but one thing I've always disliked about windows
calculator is when you have a large number, say 3 trillion, there are no
commas to help you group the digits and easily identify the value for what it
is.  
  
Well, you can have it display commas. Go to the "View" menu and select "Digit
Grouping" and BAM! you have commas.  
  
Simple and easy. I don't know for how many years that has existed but I just
found out about it today. I don't think I've ever looked at any of the menu's
on the calculator so now I'll have to explore a bit more.

## Comments

Anonymous

Thanks Bill! Had the same problem over the many years. Got tired of it and was
trying to find online calculators 'with commas' to no avail. Stumbled on your
post. Heck, the Windows calculator even has scientific format - who knew!

Anonymous

THANK YOU!

Anonymous

Oh, Wow. Thanks! It is amazing what a little comma will do.

Anonymous

Thanks - I needed that.

Anonymous

Who knew! I have Dyslexia so this is a tremendous help. Thanks for sharing the
info... and I've used that calculator 100,000 times - oops, that was 1,000,000
times and never even bothered to browse that menu.

Direbane

Wow, I feel stupid for not having found this myself years ago (If it existed
that long ago).  
  
Given that I have double-vision, the lack of commas in Windows' calculator was
extremely difficult to use. I do frequent calculations involving high value
formulas and large number sets and I often found myself holding my finger up
to the screen and counting off each third number and mentally assigning
commas.  
  
I was even considering buying third party calculator software to compensate
for this problem, so this tip has not only saved me an untold amount of time,
but has also saved me money.  
  
Thank you so much!

Lee

Jebus, thank you. Why I didn't figure that out myself I don't know. It's not
like there's a million options there. But thanks nonetheless!

Anonymous

Found this through Google...this is a big help...I had the same issue with the
Windows calculator. I even searched for online calcs and none would have
commas.

amende

thank you!!

